konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2784)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/security/external-idps/rbac/index.md

  namespace: production
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Role
  name: admin
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Group
  name: oidc:devops
EOF
```

One important distinction from adding users is that all external groups are prefixed with `oidc:`. So our group name becomes `oidc:devops`. This is needed to prevent collision with locally defined groups.

## Portal Authorization

The Operations Portal, and other HTTP applications protected by Konvoy forward authentication, are also authorized by the Kubernetes RBAC API. In addition to kubernetes API resources, it is possible to define rules which map to HTTP URIs and HTTP verbs. Kubernetes RBAC calls these `nonResourceURLs`, Konvoy forward authentication uses these rules to grant or deny access to HTTP endpoints.

### Default Roles

Roles have been created for granting access to the operations portal and select addons which expose an HTTP server through the ingress controller. The `cluster-admin` role is actually a system role that defines grants permission to all actions (verbs) on any resource; including non-resource URLs. The default operations portal user is bound to this role.

> **Note: Granting user `admin` privileges on `/ops/portal/*` will grant `admin` privileges to all sub-resources, even if bindings exist for sub-resources with less privileges**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Granting user `admin` privileges on `/ops/portal/*` grants `admin` privileges to all sub-resources, even if bindings exist for sub-resources with less privileges</p>
```

| alertmanager      | opsportal-alertmanager-edit  | /ops/portal/alertmanager/* | read, write         |
| alertmanager      | opsportal-alertmanager-admin | /ops/portal/alertmanager/* | read, write, delete |
| grafana           | opsportal-grafana-view       | /ops/portal/grafana/*      | read                |
| grafana           | opsportal-grafana-edit       | /ops/portal/grafana/*      | read, write         |
| grafana           | opsportal-grafana-admin      | /ops/portal/grafana/*      | read, write, delete |
| prometheus        | opsportal-prometheus-view    | /ops/portal/prometheus/*   | read                |
| prometheus        | opsportal-prometheus-edit    | /ops/portal/prometheus/*   | read, write         |
| prometheus        | opsportal-prometheus-admin   | /ops/portal/prometheus/*   | read, write, edit   |
| traefik           | opsportal-traefik-view       | /ops/portal/traefik/*      | read                |
| traefik           | opsportal-traefik-edit       | /ops/portal/traefik/*      | read, edit          |
| traefik           | opsportal-traefik-admin      | /ops/portal/traefik/*      | read, edit, delete  |

>  This section will provide a few examples of binding subjects to the default roles defined for the operations portal endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This section provides a few examples of binding subjects to the default roles defined for the operations portal endpoints.
```
